# theme
romkatv/powerlevel10k

#plugins

zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search
zsh-users/zsh-completions
zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
marzocchi/zsh-notify

# plugins suggetion
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:lib
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/adb
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/composer
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/cp
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/docker-compose
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/docker-machine
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/docker
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/fzf
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/git-flow
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/git
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/golang
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/helm
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/kops
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/kubectl
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/lol
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/man
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/supervisor
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/ssh-agent
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/tmux
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/ufw
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/terraform
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/aws
